############################################################################################################################
# INTRODUCTION
############################################################################################################################
# This project is part of FAIRwissenschaft project (see FAIRwissenschaft_README.md file for details)  
# title: "RansackAI"
# author: "Shradha Mukherjee"
# status: work in progress (ongoing project)
# date created: "October 1, 2023"
# date last updated: "March 3, 2024"
# submission: Initial Submission "October 11, 2023"  

RansackAI is a computational pipeline to pick candidates for any type of selection for education, job or funding. This scoring system will help pick out talented high performers over untalented poor performers. 
To take analogy from biology host-parasite relationship, this scoring system will protect the host and enable it to function at maximum potential by seperating them from parasites. Criteria used will be as follows (this is not an exhaustive list, more factors may be added during the project):  
1) Grades. It would be useful to have rank of the student and total students (because low score could still be high rank), but usually this is not provided by universities but it would be useful. Grade and Grade_rank would be analyzed as seperate factors.  
2) Publication journal impact factor  
3) Publication major authorhsip.  
4) Publication number of total authors (fewer authors indicates greated individual contributon)  
5) Publication frequency  
6) Publication novelty (comparison with existing literature)  
7) Publication interdiciplinary or not (interdisciplinary work will get more points)  
8) Growth of individual score by tracking their funding and projects where they are major author (doing same work for many years never completing anything indicates stagnation so less score)  
9) Group think or lobby mentality score by tracking coauthor network (doing same work with same people for many years indicates stagnation so less score. Here middle authorship is analyzed.)  
10) Detect 'gift authorhsips' by scoring in case of co-corresponding author where (which lab) the research was actually done, this is indicated by where first author is located and which PI actually had the funding. One gets lower score for papers where they are 'gift authors' i.e. receiving a 'gift authorship' does not get you points. Similarly, receiving share of someone else's grant as 'gift funding' gets you lower score. 
11) Score Projects using criteria like Publications but seperately. Scoring projects is important because ability to publish can be inhibited as I have observed by funding and reviews rigged by untalented/poor performer/parasites lobbies. From my observations, I can give you an example, a gene network solo authorship paper where no free authorships were given, was held back in Nature's Scientific Reports for a year and a half after reviewers accepted it for publication without explanation, eventually the work was published in Cell's Heliyon https://doi.org/10.1016/j.heliyon.2021.e08518 after going through submission and review cycles all over again.  
12) Standardised test scores  
13) Awards, funds and positions/jobs are not scored as these are the output or target, and presently these are highly influenced by untalented/parasite/lobbies.  
14) Host-parasite relations within 'star PI' labs will be identified by tracking publication and position of first authors. The 'star PI' or name game is the most predominant lobby especially in academia, and they gang up and perpetuate the visous cycle of parasites taking up jobs. The way it works is the 'star PI' gets the talented student/postdoc/staff upon whom they dump the parasite student/postdoc/staff, whereby the former is forced to give co-authorship 'gift authorship' to the latter parasite. These 'star PI' networks across scientific disciplines will be tracked and their student/postdoc/staff will be ranked, and identified parasites will be sacked.  
15) Parasite will also be identified by detecting with AI-NLP parasites who name drop i.e. mention their 'star PI' connections in cover letter to secure education/funding/jobs. Giving this 'star PI' category/quote favorable points is discrimination against talent and not hiring talent in an effort to hire 'star PI' lab products is loss, and liability for organization. The names of any person(s) mentioned other than the applicants own name in education/funding/job application Cover Letter (this is done to indicate which 'star PI' lobby applicant belongs in) will get low score -- where and under which supervisors you worked is there in CV and publication authors, its not for Cover Letter. From my observations, I can give you an example, notice in this publication https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27260404/ there are two corresponding authors, one corresponding author (talent/host) who actually got the funding and got the research done in their lab by their first author, and the second corresponding author (untalented/parasite) who just got a 'gift authorship'. This is typical example of 'star PI' lobby host-parasite relationship, which is easily seen by the fact that both come from the same 'star PI ' lab.  
16) Parasites will also be identified by detecting with AI-NLP parasites who use 'woke' category/quota to secure education/funding/jobs. Giving this 'woke' category/quote favorable points is discrimination against talent and not hiring talent in an effort to hire 'woke' candidates is loss, and liability for organization. Any mention of 'woke' categories/quotes and synonyms, such as black/afro-american, african, hispanic, latino, lgbtqrstuvwx, caste, aboriginal, and other caste, race, religion, gender, orientation, refugee status and illegal immigration status (this last one is a criminal breaking immigration laws so automatically disqualifies) will get low score. From my observations, I can give you an example, a PhD advisor who belonged to 'woke' religion category (Jew), choose to allow his 'woke' category students in histanic/latino https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/27499608/ and black/afro-american https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/28050121/ 'woke' categories to line jump a talented candidate when it came to publishing first author papers. The PhD advisor choose never to publish first author paper of the talented candidate whom the PhD advisor allowed to be line jumped, though this talented candidate had completed all requirements. Here is copy of thesis https://hal.science/hal-04084217 of the talented candidate thats infact ready for publication but the unjust woke PhD advisor never published it even after having over 10 years time -- note its been over 10 years since this was completed. This ruined the career of this talented candidat because not having PhD first author paper puts you in bottom 20% you cannot get job/funding, so this talented candidate is now seeking a second PhD (paying the price for the 'woke' PhD advisor's injustice) since as first author are not owners they cannot publish their work. Infact this talented candidate has proven merit (ref link 1 https://pubmed.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/?term=Shradha+Mukherjee&sort=date ref link2 https://cv.hal.science/shradha-mukherjee ref link3 https://gitlab.com/smukher2 and ref link 4 https://github.com/smukher2) to become faculty and having observed untalented/parasites from 'star PI' lobby and 'woke' lobby become faculty, this talented candidate does not want to settle for less like being staff of some parasite PI forever, infact this talented candidate tried being forever host of parasite PIs but just got bullied, harassed and sacked. Another, predominant host-parasite quota "dual hire (couple hire)" quota is another reason this talented candidate and others like this get rejected -- this "dual hire" category is HR disaster, its like saying "x is a host (talented hardworking individual) we may hire, now if you y sleeps with x (become a couple of host-parasite) we will hire both x and y thus compleitng the host-parasite requirement". From experience, here is an example where "dual hire" is predominant where its not only allowed but encouraged, https://www.utsouthwestern.edu/education/medical-school/departments/molecular-biology/faculty-and-labs.html. Ransackai will give heavy negative score to such "dual hire" category applicants when its used in applications. This talented candidate also does not want anyone's pity where someone just places the talented candidate in faculty position without PhD first author paper only to blackmail/sack them later by not giving funding for lack of PhD first author paper. The immortal ransackai will ensure that the untalented/parasite plague that ate away this talented/host candidate, never attacks again any talented/host candidate in any STEM or STEAM field--- this is a form of sustained justice which the British Raj taught the world (and me). Ransackai is nemesis for untalented/parasites.  

# inspiration of RansackAI
In London University/London Business School's course "Managing company of the future" https://www.london.ac.uk/study/courses/moocs/managing-company-future, one of the lessons covered "Rank and Sack" strategy. This "Rank and Sack" strategy was used to wean out poor performers (untalented, analogous to parasites in host-parasite relationship of biology) and allow the high performers (talented, analogous to host in host-parasite relationship of biology) to work, ensuring success of the organization. I also observed that for the untalented/poor performer/parasites, their ability to control/blackmail the talented/high performer/host is by ganging up in decision making positons of hiring/firing and funding decisions. The untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites, exert control/blackmail by witholding jobs, education, funding and even publication (through bad reviews) from the talented/high performer/host. The deal is, the untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites gang up to kick out the talented/high performer/host, unless the talented/high performer/host gives the untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites free authorships/credit and remain subservient/silent to their lies/bullying/injustice. AI can take this blackmailing bullying power away from untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites to protect talented/high performer/host and enable talent (a goal of FAIRwissenschaft). Also by giving poor reference letters, scapegoating and sabotaging the work of talented/high performers the untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites exert control/blackmail power --- this can be easily fixed, if organizations ask for HR reference letters instead of PI/boss letters but this is beyond the scope of this RansackAI project. The term "Ransack" means rigorous search and also is a combination of Rank and Sack terms, so both ways this name seems like a good fit for this project. AI will take control/blackmailing power away from untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites and help pick the talented/high performers. This is good for AI future as only talented individuals who are constant learners and appliers of knowledge can keep up with AI, and manage AI. This is essential for a sustainable organization and in turn for a sustainable future of planet Earth that is driven by values of “Lernbegierde”, “Problemlösungswunsch” and “Endziele”. The fantastic 123 are the inspiration for this RansackAI project. To quote from Justice League movie, "they said the age of the heroes will not come again...but it has come, it must come again...to save the world". The fantastic 123, represent an "age of heroes". The world needs to know and apply using AI the fantastic 123's work now more than ever, if we are to save our planet. This RansackAI project, and other FAIRwissenschaft projects are steps towards this goal.  

############################################################################################################################
# INPUT (DATA SOURCE)
############################################################################################################################
######University/Institute/Organization employee (boss/PI and staff profile) and scientific literature. Results of poor scoring untalented/poor performer/deceitful/parasites and talented/high performer/host will be published in this repository and HAL repository.######

############################################################################################################################
# OUTPUT (DATA SOURCE)
############################################################################################################################
######Mock result showing format of output, in 'output_tmp' folder, mock file 'ransackai_mock_result.csv' (also excel format 'ransackai_mock_result.xlsx'). In simple words using generative AI a brief explanation will be added to make it explainable AI and also some back of the envelope formula or math explanation will be added (it woun't be as accurate as the AI calculated score but something approximate to make it more explainable). Author IDs such as Orcid will be used to identify authors so that incase of name change author can still be tracked and scored. Ranks will be both statistical ranks and also ML model predicted ranks. ######

############################################################################################################################
# SETUP
############################################################################################################################
#####Install Anaconda on your Mac or Linux Operating System#####
https://docs.anaconda.com/anaconda/install/index.html
######Create conda environment for R and IDE RStudio#####
#here env name being created is 'ransackai', please use any name you like
conda create --clone base --name ransackai
conda activate ransackai
#Type following to exit conda env
conda deactivate

############################################################################################################################
# USE
############################################################################################################################
######Commandline Usage######

######IDE Usage######

############################################################################################################################
# THANK YOU
############################################################################################################################

# Copyright ©2023-2024 Shradha Mukherjee. All rights reserved.  
